Docs: add pinning of terraform for migration (#88528)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/administration/api-keys/index.md

### Migrate API keys to Grafana service accounts in Terraform

> {{% admonition type="note" %}}
> The terraform resource `api_key` has been removed in v3.0.0 from the Grafana Terraform Provider. During your migration path, we suggest that you pin your terraform version to <v2.19.0. See [release notes](https://github.com/grafana/terraform-provider-grafana/releases/tag/v3.0.0) for more information.
> {{% /admonition %}}
> 
> If you need to pin the version of terraform to v2.19.0
> 
> ```tf
> terraform {
>   required_providers {
>     grafana = {
>       source  = "grafana/grafana"
>       version = "2.19.0"
>     }
>   }
> }
> ```
> 

Reviewer: - Use `{{<` and `>}}` instead of `{{%` and `%}}`.
  
  The former has the most consistent semantics.
  The latter is used for special behavior that isn't required with this shortcode.
  
- Prefer 'refer to' over 'see' and add additional context to the link text: https://grafana.com/docs/writers-toolkit/write/style-guide/style-conventions/#links-and-references

- Consistently refer to Grafana Terraform Provider throughout

- Clarify the version constraints.

- Use `hcl` for syntax highlighting. I'm not sure that `tf` is supported by https://prismjs.com/.

````suggestion
{{< admonition type="note" >}}
The terraform resource `api_key` is removed from the Grafana Terraform Provider in v3.0.0.
Before you migrate and remove the use of the resource, you should pin your terraform version to a version less-than or equal-to v2.19.0.
For more information, refer to the [Grafana Terraform Provider release notes](https://github.com/grafana/terraform-provider-grafana/releases/tag/v3.0.0).
{{< /admonition >}}

To pin the Grafana Terraform Provider to v2.19.0:

```hcl
terraform {
  required_providers {
    grafana = {
      source  = "grafana/grafana"
      version = "2.19.0"
    }
  }
}
```

````

### Migrate API keys to Grafana service accounts in Terraform

{{< admonition type="note" >}}
The terraform resource `api_key` is removed from the Grafana Terraform Provider in v3.0.0.
Before you migrate and remove the use of the resource, you should pin your terraform version to a version less-than or equal-to v2.19.0.
For more information, refer to the [Grafana Terraform Provider release notes](https://github.com/grafana/terraform-provider-grafana/releases/tag/v3.0.0).
{{< /admonition >}}

To pin the Grafana Terraform Provider to v2.19.0:

```hcl
terraform {
  required_providers {
    grafana = {
      source  = "grafana/grafana"
      version = "2.19.0"
    }
  }
}

> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```

````

Sorry for introducing the linting issue!
